Allow logos for blindfolded solving (#1265)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - 3k2) Penalty for attempts done with puzzles which are not permitted: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). The following exceptions apply:
        - 3k2a) If a non-permitted puzzle is found before a round is complete, affected results in the round may be replaced with extra attempts, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
        - 3k2b) 3x3x3 Multi-Blind: if any puzzles are found to be non-permitted, such puzzles may be individually counted as unsolved (without disqualifying the entire attempt), at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

> - 3l) A puzzle may have one or more logos on a colored part. If it does, it must have at most one colored part with a logo or multiple logos. Exception: For 4x4x4 Blindfolded, a puzzle must not have any logos.
>     - 3l1) The logo must be placed on a center piece. For 5x5x5 Blindfolded, the logo must be placed on the most central center piece of a side. Exceptions for puzzles that do not have center pieces:

Author: ```suggestion
- 3l) A puzzle may have one or more logos on a colored part. If it does, it must have at most one colored part with a logo or multiple logos. Exception: For 4x4x4 Blindfolded, 5x5x5 Blindfolded, and 3x3x3 Multi-Blind, a puzzle must not have any logos.
    - 3l1) The logo must be placed on a center piece. Exceptions for puzzles that do not have center pieces:
```
